oh good morning mistake I need you
around this weekend you have a problem
with that no I just my grandmother's
90th birthday sorry I was gonna go home
and it's fine I'll cancel so your family
yes I tell you to quit every single day
Margaret Tate's office this isn't about
my second raise is it Margaux your visa
application is denied you're being
deported deported it's not like I'm an
immigrant or something I'm from Canada
if you deported you can't work for an
American company if there was any way at
all that we could make this thing work
barring interruption I understand the
predicament but there is something that
you should know we are we're getting
married who's kidding you know you and I
are getting married
yes we are getting married yes can't
fight can't find love like ours so are
we good make it all legal we'll put this
whole thing behind us I'm not gonna
marry if you don't you'll be on the
street all alone looking for a job have
the two of you told your parents about
your secret love we're going to their
places we can no more self Alaska Alaska
he'll sleep in here with you we'd love
to snuggle don't we honey huge snugglers
is that I'm sorry what is it it's the
morning this summer how can you be
around someone I made your life so
miserable
sweetie some proposals change why don't
you get married here tomorrow let's see
a kiss for better or worse
real kiss
[Music]
[Applause]
Sandra Bullock Ryan Reynolds proposal
may be a tad loose in certain areas I'm
up it
chesty to begin with it's like an easter
egg
[Music]